nev	pontok	   nyert?
Viktor    5         igen      
a         5         igen
kakaoscsi 5         igen
máté      5         igen      
oldspice  5         igen      
patak     5         igen
pepsi     5         igen      
szlacs    5         igen
viktor    4         nem       
cocacola  3         nem       
vad       3         nem           
Viktor    2         nem       
bocicsoki 2         nem       
kapa      2         nem       
kata      2         nem       
mizseviz  2         nem       
patakki   2         nem       
as9sed2   1         nem       
tuckeksz  1         nem       
a9234asd  0         nem       
csigusz   0         nem       
